while looking at the builder_view for a dual oscillator synth, if I move the curser offscreen, the program crashes. If I hover over swap to drum, it clicks without me clicking. I also am not given the ability to switch back to synth from drums. the drum builder also only got half refactored and needs some work. The intended behavior was to go from a drum synth with a built in sample pad to a standalone sampler that I could assign different drum synths too. In essence, I want the builder mode to be able to switch between pianorolling a synth sorce or drum sample-pading that synth source.

Alright, we are gettingg closer, but a ways to go still. The problem is that, since I broke drum_synth into 2 parts to make the sampler independent, I need to spin something of the synth to become the thing that holds the swap button. The sampler needs to swap with some sort of 1 shot control or other theoretical place holders. maybe it can switch between the piano roll being chromatic or modal. Or possibly even microtonal. Either way, I need the builder to swap between a piano rolled instance of any of the given synth plugins (be they piano like or drum like) or a sample pad instance Where in the current synth is assigned to the current highlighted pad in the sample pad selector. by the way, the sample pad selector radio buttons in the original drum synth worked for a small range of notes, but the stand alone sampler radio buttons still don't work. clicking 33 highlights 41. it appears all clicks ae off vertically by 2 buttons.

OK, better. Still not getting any clicks working in the sampler. That bug asside, the sample window itself should be underneath the button that toggles between piano roll and sample pads. when Piano roll is selected a new box should replace it with piano roll settings, like chromatic/modal/microtonal selections.

Oh much better! We are on to something now. Next, the 3 piano roll modes should be in a menu rectangle just like sampler brain, built from the same stuff. I'm trying to make everything from generics so I can updates styles uniformly in the future.  It should even be the same size even though it's only 3 buttons as I will be adding more to it in the future. Any case, the synth soure window (dual osc or drum) hould then be to the right of this piano-type/drum-roll menu, not bellow it. it should have a dropdown menu above it at the same height as the piano roll / sample pads buttons that shows other available synth plugins. selecting a different one should swap out the current plugin window.